Update setup-with-modern-authentication.md (#994)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/clients-and-mobile-in-exchange-online/outlook-for-ios-and-android/setup-with-modern-authentication.md

 **Summary**: How users with modern authentication-enabled accounts can quickly set up their Outlook for iOS and Android accounts in Exchange Online.

> There are two ways that users with modern authentication-enabled accounts (Office 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)) can set up their own Outlook for iOS and Android accounts: AutoDetect and single sign-on. In addition, Outlook for iOS and Android offers IT administrators the ability to "push" account configurations to their Office 365 users, as well as, control whether Outlook for iOS and Android supports personal accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with modern authentication-enabled accounts (Office 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)) have two ways to set up their own Outlook for iOS and Android accounts: AutoDetect and single sign-on. In addition, Outlook for iOS and Android also offers IT administrators the ability to "push" account configurations to their Microsoft 365 users, and to control whether Outlook for iOS and Android supports personal accounts.
```

## Modern Authentication

> Modern authentication is an umbrella term for a combination of authentication and authorization methods. It includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Modern authentication is an umbrella term for a combination of authentication and authorization methods. These include:
```

> - **Authentication methods**: Multi-factor Authentication; Client Certificate-based authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authentication methods**: multi-factor authentication, client certificate-based authentication.
```

 **Summary**: How users with modern authentication-enabled accounts can quickly set up their Outlook for iOS and Android accounts in Exchange Online.

> Users with modern authentication-enabled accounts (Microsoft 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)) have two ways to set up their own Outlook for iOS and Android accounts: AutoDetect and single sign-on. In addition, Outlook for iOS and Android also offers IT administrators the ability to "push" account configurations to their Microsoft 365 users, and to control whether Outlook for iOS and Android supports personal accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with modern authentication-enabled accounts (Office 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)) have two ways to set up their own Outlook for iOS and Android accounts: AutoDetect and single sign-on. In addition, Outlook for iOS and Android also offers IT administrators the ability to "push" account configurations to their Office 365 users, and to control whether Outlook for iOS and Android supports personal accounts.
```

## Modern Authentication

Modern authentication is an umbrella term for a combination of authentication and authorization methods. These include:
  
- **Authentication methods**: Multi-factor Authentication; Client Certificate-based authentication.
    
- **Authorization methods**: Microsoft's implementation of Open Authorization (OAuth). 

Modern authentication is enabled through the use of the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL). ADAL-based authentication is what Outlook for iOS and Android uses to access Exchange Online mailboxes in Office 365. ADAL authentication, used by Office apps on both desktop and mobile devices, involves users signing in directly to Azure Active Directory, which is Office 365's identity provider, instead of providing credentials to Outlook.

> ADAL-based authentication leverages OAuth for modern authentication-enabled accounts (Office 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)), and provides Outlook for iOS and Android a secure mechanism to access email without requiring access to user credentials. At sign in, the user authenticates directly with Azure Active Directory and receives an access/refresh token pair in return. The access token grants Outlook for iOS and Android access to the appropriate resources in Office 365 (e.g., the user's mailbox), while a refresh token is used to obtain a new access or refresh token pair when the current access token expires. OAuth provides Outlook with a secure mechanism to access Office 365 without needing or storing a user's credentials. For more information, see the Office Blog post [New access and security controls for Outlook for iOS and Android](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=623595).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADAL-based authentication leverages OAuth for modern authentication-enabled accounts (Office 365 accounts or [on-premises accounts leveraging hybrid modern authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/Exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth)). It also provides a secure mechanism for Outlook for iOS and Android  to access email, without requiring access to user credentials. At sign in, the user authenticates directly with Azure Active Directory and receives an access/refresh token pair in return. The access token grants Outlook for iOS and Android access to the appropriate resources in Office 365 (e.g., the user's mailbox), while a refresh token is used to obtain new access, or refresh, token pair when the current access token expires. OAuth provides Outlook with a secure mechanism to access Office 365, without needing or storing a user's credentials. For more information, see the Office Blog post [New access and security controls for Outlook for iOS and Android](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=623595).
```

> By default, the access token lifetime is one hour and the refresh token lifetime is 90 days. These values can be adjusted; for more information see [Configure authentication session management with conditional access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/howto-conditional-access-session-lifetime). Note that if you choose to reduce these lifetimes, you can also reduce the performance of Outlook for iOS and Android, because a smaller lifetime increases the number of times the application must acquire a fresh access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the access token lifetime is one hour, and the refresh token lifetime is 90 days. These values can be adjusted; for more information see [Configure authentication session management with conditional access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/howto-conditional-access-session-lifetime). Note that, if you choose to reduce these lifetimes, you can also reduce the performance of Outlook for iOS and Android, because a smaller lifetime increases the number of times the application must acquire a fresh access token.
```

> A previously granted access token is valid until it expires. Upon expiration, the client will attempt to use the refresh token to obtain a new access token, but because the user's password has changed, the refresh token will be invalidated (assuming directory synchronization has occurred between on-premises and Azure Active Directory). The invalidated refresh token will force the user to re-authenticate in order to obtain a new access token and refresh token pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A previously granted access token is valid until it expires. Upon expiration, the client will attempt to use the refresh token to obtain a new access token. Then, because the user's password has changed, the refresh token will be invalidated (assuming directory synchronization has occurred between on-premises and Azure Active Directory). The invalidated refresh token will force the user to re-authenticate in order to obtain a new access token and refresh token pair.
```

## Single sign-on

> All Microsoft apps that leverage the Azure Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) support single sign-on. In addition, single sign-on is also supported when the apps are used in conjunction with either the Microsoft Authenticator or Microsoft Company Portal apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Microsoft apps that leverage the Azure Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) support single sign-on. In addition, single sign-on is also supported when the apps are used in conjunction with either the Microsoft Authenticator, or Microsoft Company Portal apps.
```

Tokens can be shared and re-used by other Microsoft apps (such as Word mobile) under the following scenarios:

> 1. When the apps are signed by the same signing certificate and use the same service endpoint or audience URL (such as the Office 365 URL). In this case, the token is stored in app shared storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the apps are signed by the same signing certificate, and use the same service endpoint or audience URL (such as the Office 365 URL). In this case, the token is stored in app shared storage.
```
